# python_project
Assignment Introduction A company has come to you as a developer and asked you to develop an application using Python. You have been asked to design and implement a system which will allow editors in a news room keep track of different world events as they occur. In other words, a real time news feed. In order to be able to access real time data, you will need to connect to external API to request news. Specific Requirements • The application should have a welcome screen that displays the current date and time. • The application should be able to display Business news, Sports News and Financial News – Each of these should be gathered from a JSON News Feed https://newsapi.org • All of the data that is collected should be parsed to extract content, leaving only the date/time and brief description of the news story. Raw JSON should not be printed to the user. • Whenever any JSON service is queried, all the data should be stored locally inside of an array which will later be used to present the data to the user. This reduces the number of requests which are made on the services. • There must be button for the user to save automatically a specific headline to be retrieved later, this way the user can keep record of the news of their interest. • Finally, you will have to produce a short document that justifies the design (graphic and logic) decisions that you took to complete the assignment. Python Programming Page 2 of 2 Notes • The main point of this assignment is that you apply all the tools that we’ll see in class. You will have to make decisions in the process about the type of functionalities that you want to include in your project: o Graphic User Interface vs. Command Line Interface. o Login functionality. o Use of databases or text based files. • Comment your code! Deliverables • Upload a single zip file which contains: o Source code for your application o Document containing screenshots of your application in action, and justification of your chosen technology and design decisions.
